# T1064 - Scripting
## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/wiki/Technique/T1064)
<blockquote>Adversaries may use scripts to aid in operations and perform multiple actions that would otherwise be manual. Scripting is useful for speeding up operational tasks and reducing the time required to gain access to critical resources. Some scripting languages may be used to bypass process monitoring mechanisms by directly interacting with the operating system at an API level instead of calling other programs. Common scripting languages for Windows include VBScript and PowerShell but could also be in the form of command-line batch scripts.

Scripts can be embedded inside Office documents as macros that can be set to execute when files used in [Spearphishing Attachment](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1193) and other types of spearphishing are opened. Malicious embedded macros are an alternative means of execution than software exploitation through [Exploitation for Client Execution](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1203), where adversaries will rely on macos being allowed or that the user will accept to activate them.

Many popular offensive frameworks exist which use forms of scripting for security testers and adversaries alike. (Citation: Metasploit) (Citation: Metasploit),  (Citation: Veil) (Citation: Veil), and PowerSploit (Citation: Powersploit) are three examples that are popular among penetration testers for exploit and post-compromise operations and include many features for evading defenses. Some adversaries are known to use PowerShell. (Citation: Alperovitch 2014)</blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- [Atomic Test #1 - Create and Execute Bash Shell Script](#atomic-test-1---create-and-execute-bash-shell-script)


<br/>

## Atomic Test #1 - Create and Execute Bash Shell Script
Creates and executes a simple bash script.

**Supported Platforms:** macOS, Linux


#### Run it with `sh`!
```
sh -c "echo 'echo Hello from the Atomic Red Team' > /tmp/art.sh"
sh -c "echo 'ping -c 4 8.8.8.8' >> /tmp/art.sh"
chmod +x /tmp/art.sh
sh /tmp/art.sh
```

## Atomic Test #2 - Create and Execute a Windows Batch Script
Creates and executes a batch script.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows


#### Run it with Python!
import os
import sys
import time
import subprocess

outlog = (r'c:\test\test.cmd')
stdout = open(outlog, 'w')
results = open(r'c:\test\results.txt', 'w')

def main(text):
    try:
    # Echoing commands to a cmd script then executing piping the output to a results file for recon review
        orig = sys.stdout
        sys.stdout = open(r'c:\test\test.cmd', 'a')
        print ('echo echo Hello from BluePytools Atomic\'s')
        print ('whoami')
        print ('ipconfig')
        print ('hostname')
        print ('ping www.google.com')
        print ('net localgroup')
        print ('net config')
        print ('net share')
        print ('tasklist')
        print ('net user')
        print ('schtasks')
        print ('echo %time%')
        sys.stdout = orig
        subprocess.call(['cmd', '/c', outlog], stdout=results, stderr=subprocess.STDOUT)

    except (Exception, KeyboardInterrupt) as e:
        print (type(e), e)
        
if __name__ == "__main__":
    main('python')

<br/>
